but you're awesome venga you've got the
checkbook in the summer gonna sign three
players are you gonna get inside come
for me yeah okay it's not your money
I'll go Cavani I think having martinis
I've heard him link to e will be
absolutely perfect Ross is just what we
need abby martinez and probably we've
been linked to have a right-back surge
aurea or break the bank and try and keep
standing there you know and three
players you'd get rid of vintner um he
still there he's still did he said there
unfortunately and probably part too
young i think he's still you know he's
gotta go and oh god she will so i don't
know why we bought them viviana eva yeah
he's been there all season as a backup
goalkeeper and he's oddly played so
tourists those of you anything ratty in
respect of war well are still generally
weather app okay where they're going
like like Robbie who's saying there I
you know why lower top for the whole
time I was at top I'd always felt like
you know something and then we started
to get the Indian we've got the injuries
when you say it was only seven points
but you always felt that you're not
meaning the cities are gonna come
they're gonna come strong what we gonna
do I was gonna and when you consider the
city only spent 14 days at the top of
the league are solid up know for so long
you know like again comes down to the
amount of depth and the quality that i
got in there squirrel and for Arsenal to
hold them off for the time yes they kept
the top plate top spot warm from and
then they come down in some because of
what now got but seven points it wasn't
it wasn't too much but you do feel the
big losses makes it feel like a lot
worse than it was this season but
hopefully I've learned from me and for
me we've got we've got spend money and
buy the players that want to come and do
something and you you watch a lot of
games will scour your what sort of
players should ask them going to be
looking at around Europe I think always
cool I usually the gaffer
it couldn't have done any worse setting
them up tactically in those big away
games and you know that that was the
problem really either you've got a look
at vango for but for that but i think
that lack of protection midfield with
you know talked about what matage
brought to chelsea that sort of player I
don't think it necessarily has to be a
name that everyone expects without
thinking what's in it yeah pretty good
but what I think it does need as well as
a leader of exam it's a noun apparently
to change the dynamics in that dressing
room because like you say a couple of
those results what we had we were
playing games like vengas found thousand
game against Chelsea from me is one of
the most embarrassing football matches
of a day and watch also play because
that was a game with him the opposing
manager week earlier was teenies
especially since failing a pleasant even
react for their manager and I think as
well ride that those losses had a
knock-on effect so even if we would have
just not lost six Neil lost of two new
went out there and just said all right
listen with down but let's just lock it
now exactly right but that we didn't we
lost six new and then they had a
knock-on affecting to the other games
confidence was low yeah performances
drops yeah so yeah Arsenal fans you need
leaders what you need righty hahaha what
do you think I'm straight
Oh